atenç* AND básica
atenç* AND primária
atenç* AND saúde
cuidad* AND primári*
cuidad* AND saúde
serviço* AND saúde
estratégia AND família*
ESF AND saúde
unidade* AND saúde
UBS AND saúde
programa* AND família
saúde AND família
saúde AND comunidade
promoç* AND saúde
prevenç* AND doenç*
educaç* AND saúde
visita* AND domiciliar
territóri* AND saúde
acess* AND serviço*
longitudinalidad* AND cuidad*
coordenaç* AND cuidad*
vinculaç* AND usuári*
acolhiment* AND usuári*
resolutividad* AND atenç*
integralidad* AND cuidad*
continuidade* AND cuidad*
cuidado AND pessoa
açã* AND intersetoriais
cobertura* AND atenç*
planejament* AND saúde
mapament* AND territorial
comunidade AND participaç*
enfermagem AND atenç*
medicina AND família
profission* AND primária
rede AND saúde
